http://treat.net/onto.owl#redundancy_type	redundancy type
http://treat.net/onto.owl#description	description
http://treat.net/onto.owl#entity_name	entity name
http://treat.net/onto.owl#entity_value	entity value
http://treat.net/onto.owl#full_name	full name
http://treat.net/onto.owl#auto_clear	auto clear
http://treat.net/onto.owl#alarm_impact	alarm impact
http://treat.net/onto.owl#alarm_id	alarm id
http://treat.net/onto.owl#associated	associated
http://treat.net/onto.owl#have_service	have service
http://treat.net/onto.owl#peer_up	peer up
http://treat.net/onto.owl#connect_nf	connect nf
http://treat.net/onto.owl#sbi_mapping	sbi mapping
http://treat.net/onto.owl#has_property	has property
http://treat.net/onto.owl#has_parameter	has parameter
http://treat.net/onto.owl#has_additional_info	has additional info
http://treat.net/onto.owl#communicate_with	communicate with
http://treat.net/onto.owl#depend_on	depend on
http://treat.net/onto.owl#host_cell	host cell
http://treat.net/onto.owl#category	category
http://treat.net/onto.owl#alarm_source	alarm source
http://treat.net/onto.owl#caused_by	caused by
http://treat.net/onto.owl#have_function	have function
http://treat.net/onto.owl#interact	interact
http://treat.net/onto.owl#log	log
http://treat.net/onto.owl#has_IP	has IP
